1)This next generation MHB will utilize 4G/LTE cellular technology, whereas the previous versions utilize 3G.
2)Features added :
  • LED indicators for battery level and alarm
  • Single large help button
3)This new MHB model will no longer connect to a home communicator.The LAN radio will be removed.   
4)A cellular module will allow the MHB to communicate with the Call Center. The cellular module may have a SIM to enable the cellular service.
Functional Requirements:
a)Communication Requirements:
  The MHB shall be able to communicate with the Lifeline Call Center via a cellular network.
  The MHB shall store voice prompts in three languages, namely, English, Spanish and French, and can be configured to use any of the three language 
  The MHB hardware shall include a BTLE chip for roadmap Bluetooth applications.   
b)Manual Help Requirements:  
  The MHB shall have debounce mechanism for button press.   
c)Alarm Event Processing Requirements:  
  *In case of an Alarm event, the MHB shall generate a voice message for the subscriber and shall execute a sequence of steps to communicate to the Lifeline Call Center directly
  over the cellular network,If the MHB can’t report an alarm to the Call Center, it should dial the emergency number for the target country 
  the MHB shall report the Alarm directly to the Lifeline Call Center via cell using the Montreal WAN interface.(before)       
  *If the MHB has generated an Alarm event and it hasn’t been reported yet to the Call Center, it shall enter the “Reporting” state.  
  *If an Alarm event has been reported to the Call Center, it shall enter the “Waiting for Reset” state.
  *When the MHB is in the “Waiting for Reset” state and there is another Alarm event generated by the MHB (Help or Fall Detected) the MHB will behave as following: 
   a)If the MHB has not received the call from Lifeline Call Center, it shall ignore the new event.
   b)If the MHB has received a phone call and is left in “Waiting for Reset” state after the call is completed, it shall report the new event then stay in “Waiting for Reset” state. 
   c)If the MHB has currently an active voice connection to the Call Center, it shall ignore the new event.
  *If the MHB runs out of battery, it shall recover to the previous operation mode when it receives power again.  
  *The MHB in “run mode” shall allow over-the-air configuration to be set to any other modes including “airplane mode”, “storage mode” and “hibernate mode”.  
  *If an unexpected reset occurs during an alarm, the MHB will resend the alarm after the reset
d)Location Requirements:
  The MHB shall always have the breadcrumbing algorithm running all the time.   
  Breadcrumbing : The MHB shall periodically store information about the subscriber’s GPS coordinates and WiFi APs in the vicinity in order to retrace his/her steps in case an Alarm event occurs
                  and the MHB is unable to determine the exact location of the subscriber. This process is called “breadcrumbing”.
e)Power Requirements :
  The charger shall be able to recharge the battery in less than 45 minutes from  when the recharge battery indicator 
  is first illuminated at ambient temperate 25 degree C (befor 35 degree C)(note: 45 minutes to charge from 350 mAh to full).
  When a GoSafe 3 (7250MHB)  is fully charged, it shall operate for a minimum of 2 days of typical cellular signal of greater than -100dBm, and at least 2 WIFI access points, 
  and still allow for a 30 minute conversation between the subscriber and the Lifeline Call Center. This assumes the ambient temperature is 25° C ± 5° C. 
  avg signal strength (-30dBm to -110dBm)
f)Supervision Requirments :
  Every 7 days (programmable), or 5 minutes after device reboot, the MHB shall report its status to the Lifeline Call Center using the cellular network.(before 7 days only)
g)Indicators :
  During an alarm event the MHB audio system shall be able to mimic an audio “beacon” if so instructed by the Lifeline Call Center.  
  The “beacon” shall timeout within 5 minutes, and pressing the Help Button before that shall silent the “beacon”. 
  The audio “beacon” shall be configured at the highest volume output.  
h)Neck Cord :

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
